
It is because I occupy
this spot and not those ribbed
beyond my blood-bounds, that bright lip

of my eyes and their admissions,
giving and taking in curious elisions
shadows blur and carvature, a mind divides

touch from distance, strings and cinches
these with celluloid, crinkled ribbon
too short to stitch together what it's given.

It is to rescue stars out of the tide,
out of the squinted evening sifting,
I've waited to receive a Vision,

i.e. be hijacked by another's sight, dipped
in inverted vistas where a sun robed purple
heaves shadows blaring through the cracks.

But daily to feel your eyes instead imbibe
my face, a matter of fact, mere blip
smiled by among abrupt the hectic cycles;

to age and shrink among your thoughts hubbub
the only visions these revolving blurbs  
bulleted gasps I try to occupy...
                                                      
Sight only fills us if we are partial, trapped  
as one perspective in the thicket-barbs
of lines converging each occurrence 
                                                      
of a pinhole point, this 'me' small as it is
and infinite as it receives. 
My ringed life lit beyond the band of sight.
                                                      
What slender we nab from the High Dimensions
unhasps bearing their insignias.
If we talk in kitchens peeling clementines
                                                      
or walk into the jackpines scabbed with sap,  
we gain dimension by accumulating ghosts, palpable 
yet, delicate tread of moons across our ebbing

calendars.  Color by line, we absorb
radiance at seams, where absence & light oppose  
to form the grace-shapes our eyes can clutch
                            
and fuse into the act itself of sight:
horizon's haloed razor, the sea-veins rising,  
your face.  Your face, which love incises
  
glaring back within my own: iconic  
and quizzical; sour, slaphappy,  
tossing hells with casual aplomb.

You-ward again a shattered I unites.  Beside.  
To see together is to make revisions  
                              surprising
                              
knowing needs nimbleness, arcing a divide
from focus to forget.  Remember me when I go missing,
keep the lines lively as you draw me in prisms not imprisoned.

_plosives_0.33
_plosives_0.33
_c_0.33

_plosives_0.33
_plosives_0.33
_c_0.33

_plosives_0.33
_plosives_0.33
_c_0.33

cluster_vision_  
cluster_vision_  
guide.

--------------------

cross-criss, cicatrice

The totality of possible views of a [] never changes,
each point the convergence of infinite radii
an asterisk where what converges vanishes and reappears.

we gain dimension by accumulating ghosts,
layering place on place


love requires this dexterity: to hold and to forget
leaving needs memory, staying forgetfulness

your face engraved
on the inside of my own, through which I see

I wake across our bed as into
my creased heart.  We only ever see by being partial.  I grasp on

Slaphappy 

Look.  At this _ behind my sight
The thing that stays and stirs, the only thing
I will stay with you as long as you
as long as you extend
unto the end {of days, of fingers} clench

we 2 caves beckoning each other inside out

I is not my word, but ours.

........

Faceted fact

Is too much not enough.  Facts growing like gold coins over the eyes

That I desire... that I want to be made whole, or want at all.

My only salvation is in the vision of others,
to know that I am not at the center,
nudged from my geocentric rut.

To see is to be a part of a chorus of seers
And to be seen by them.

That I can see you means I have not come inside

This little I unites toward you again

in fibrous ripple

Parse distances, perspectives,Edges, which are the winnowing of distance hanging on.

(See David Bohm regarding Piaget’s work on the development of sight and distinction)

my vision flickering ever behind your eyes.  It waits there beside me like a wave growing in the dark.

You one of infinite key holes, but the one my site will grow blind staring through.

We two pixels staring each into the others alternating light and darkness, trying to guess galaxies.
........

My site pressing out on all the other sites, the billion eyes of trees, seeds and fleas in the air,

And see, and distinguish, that I do not say I am occupied. The site, the watcher in the tower.  It is because I am occupied, inhabited by visions which I call more Munding lady, vision.  Which one am I? The one who circles back to you.

I have the vanishing point that all perspective falls into. Gullet.  Collapsed now as illuminations in two dimensions, as in Mughal Manuscripts or the roofed cities of Russian icons, everything falling in and out in a frozen moment.  

.......

Illuminated manuscripts equals pages lit by hand
.........

------------------------------------------

'The glare will distress him, will he not think
the shadows are truer?' 'Far truer.'
                        - Soc.  Glaucon

"The objective world is, it does not happen.  
Only to the gaze of my consciousness,
crawling along the lifeline of my body,
does a section of the world come to light
as a fleeting image in space,
which continually changes in time."  
                                      - Hermann Weyl

"Reader, sharpen your own eyes here to see
the truth, for now the veil is certainly
so fine that passing through it will be easy."   (Purg. 8.19-21)

"Because your mind is set
upon nothing but terrestrial things,
you gather darkness out of light itself"  (Purg. 15.64-66)

'could not bear to be veiled by anything' (Purg. 29.27)

'The lady scolded me: "Why are you so
intent on the living lights that you pay no
attention to what there is behind them?" (Purg. 29.61-63)

" Piaget gives good evidence suggesting that the infant begins by experiencing an almost undifferentiated totality. That is to say he has not yet learned to distinguish between what arises inside of him and outside of him, nor to distinguish between the various aspects of either the “outer” or the “inner” worlds. Instead there is experienced only one world, in a state of continual ﬂux of sensations, perceptions, feelings, etc., with nothing recognizable as permanent in it. However, the infant is endowed with certain inborn reﬂexes, connected with food, movements, etc. These reﬂexes can develop so as to selectively accommodate different aspects of the environment; and in this way the environment begins effectively to be differentiated to the extent of taking on certain “recognizable” features. But at this stage recognition is largely functional (e.g., some objects are “for eating,” some “for drinking,” some “for pulling” etc.), and there seems to be little or no development of the adult’s ability to recognize an object by the shape, form, structure, or other perceived characteristics. " - Bohm, PHYSICS AND PERCEPTION (1967)
